our first guest tonight is an exuberant
man of many talents who adds
investigative journalists is curious
resume in his new show called the hunt
for the Trump tapes with Tom Arnold
Trump is this brilliant billionaire teal
Baker Bart whatever with your show The
Apprentice so step up and do something
or say something
[Music]
[Applause]
I have a television show
giggy's September 18th on Vice land
please welcome Tom Arnold
[Applause]
[Music]
you are really fired up what have you
gotten yourself into well you know I
mean get started
uh-huh no it's always a body but the
whole thing is saying knock it off do
you know to Donald Trump oh okay what
office hair well you know I build the
guy thirty years how do you really know
more is it one of those things I know
everybody unfortunately I know
everything oh you do yeah I've noted 30
years they did an HBO special this place
the Trump castle 30 years ago so did
some business with him
and then he was on the sports show
business weren't you up here I've been
to the Playboy Mansion with him and I
wasn't the creepy guy like I have a
history with this guy he's fine and you
know a little bit about it but he is
what he is but then but then all of a
sudden back in 2011 I turned on the team
by the way he would call my house with
Mark Burnett and it begged me to do the
apprentice and let me explain the
apprentice the apprentice is such a
crappy show that I wouldn't do it that
says a lot because I do everything he
would have been good on that show yeah
yeah so anyway I turn the TV 2011 and
there's Donald Trump and he's saved that
barack obama was up bored here and so by
the way brock obama if you know his life
story it's very similar to mine my god
you're almost the same guy no but for
real like he is mom was from Wichita
Kansas and my mom is from Hubble Iowa
and he's Bob raised him by herself and
by Bob abandoned me but other that for
real like I always saw the bug because
Barack Obama he spent he lived with his
grandparents they're from Kansas and his
grandma looks just like my grandpa for
real and I don't if you have a weird
family you know he was black and I
didn't have a bob and I do that grandpa
defended him for real Jimmy your grandpa
yeah and his crap I defended him and I
saw Donald Trump who's one of these
a-holes it's like raghava's president
and he's like I'm a rich guy I'm gonna
ruin everything
he wasn't born here how about that right
I'm like but if his grandpa was alive by
the way he wait till his drop-off was
dead before he said it because his
grandpa would have said I'm gonna kick
your ass Donald Trump for saying that
about my kid
Obama's right right of course you would
and so he kept doing it and I called
Mark Burnett that day I said what are
you gonna do about this that guy's on TV
say that Barack Obama was aboard here
and nobody did anything about was this
when the apprentice was on yes it was
okay so I have sorry so that was so
that's the first time I said knock it
off and then all the sudden he's going
along and he's not gonna be the
president Jimmy that the apprentice the
the Access Hollywood take comes out well
that'll do them in and it doesn't I'm on
the phone to an interview for stand-up
comedy and I said you know what matter
of fact I've seen this compilation tape
by the way if you're on well these
reality shows hey you don't think the
crew has fun if there's compilation
tapes of me doing horrible disgusting
things of course uh-huh because I do
horrible disgusting things but I'm also
not running for president
okay absolutely and I said oh I remember
this tape I saw they described it
exactly he says the N word he calls Eric
the are worthy I went through it exactly
his son his son Eric yes I said there is
that now they call it the Edward tape
you know I have friends that work on
that show there's friends I am and I
explained exactly and so this becomes
the story right now this is still what
today this week people are talking about
the Edward tape and people have
questioned me and it is got on this
whole time you know who does there's two
people that have never called me a liar
what about the Edward tape who Donald
Trump uh-huh and Mark Burnett because
they know it's true they absolutely know
it's true that this show and so I pull
it along and I drew it as stuff it
wait where they start talking about it
other big journalists Jade Mayor David
Court Michael Isikoff for a bite show
these are legitimate people I'm a crazy
person you know that yes but I also know
we're getting a sense of everything
can I ask you about this paper because
I've been saying you know we're friends
I'm like where I want to hear this table
we will this table what you'll keep
saying you will when when he's like
retired you say no listen every every
tape you know I like let me take the
number one what's half of this week is
yesterday he tweeted my friend Mark
Burnett and he tagged Mark Burnett will
back me up that there is no Edward tape
right
well today I'm waiting for his friend
Mark Burnett
by the way Mark Burnett is an mg a board
member
okay came to me last week and and he
said to me he said you know I'm so
worried about this and and he said Mark
Burnett told me do not talk about it
because the most powerful man in show
business
Donald Trump is my best friend so their
board members of FGM are scared about
this but Mark Burnett I skin correctly
wrongly he specifically said I do not
support Donald Trump's presidency no no
no he hasn't done anything
he hasn't there are children that had
been imprisoned at the border you
understand Mark Burnett is a show called
survivor
they go to all these crazy countries
they find people all the world he could
send the crew right to the border right
now those children they can't locate
their parents they're in Central America
he specialized in Central America Mark
Burnett could do something he does
nothing but wait a man was he the best
friend of the president but we ditch
next to him at a prayer breakfast do
something well what does he have to do
with the border though Mark Burnett but
that's what his skill that's his best
friend you're gonna be the best
listen tell you something about their
best friends no they are literally best
friends I don't think Donald Trump has
friends no no okay but but here's the
truth about Donald Trump that goat for
day one he is a competent if you don't
The Apprentice if you worked on it they
take that show they edit he's a company
he's not even the smartest Trump on the
set sometime
and Mark Burnett has protected him
because he won't release that tape but
we're getting the whole I want to see it
one day if you could see one day of
Donald Trump on that set what full day
you'll realize oh my god that's what's
going on why that's he's incompetent he
is racist he sexually harassed his
people they edited into a 20 minute show
of 20 minutes of the Wardrobe set but if
you could see the full thing you realize
oh my god absolutely I've seen it well
I've seen it all and you will see it
because legally they have to tape him
anytime the producers talk to him
because the FCC it's a requirement what
because they can't you have to tape if I
bruisers talk to a host because it's a
game show yes right now it's so ugly
it's it's on a hard drive in in MGM TV
they have an attorney Joe but I see how
we take something yeah there's horrible
right now he's tried to fire every
member of the FBI and the Justice
Department to protect him yes I know
it's he has to think with Putin if you
don't see it he's giving you away our
country if that's not a problem for you
take a break and I want to hear there's
a PP tape that's what I want to hear Tom
these are our tapes you believe they
exist or well you know I first of all
anything you're the great thing about
their doing this stuff with Donald Trump
is you could say anything accused of
anything and his mind he's like I may
have done that first of all first day
the president he's like this oh it says
here that I owe the pp tape yeah that
wouldn't happen because I'm a germophobe
and then we find out he's raw dog to all
these porn stars
[Applause]
yeah so all right yeah but everybody
yeah I lived it boss got the
ritz-carlton in 2015 the summer safe
place and all this went down
with Donald Trump the producer of the
the guy fight at Cebu be friend of
Donald Trump Russian Oleg are there's so
many coincidence that's why I have to do
this because our lives over are you
acted the way that I am involved in such
a big deal with the president tells you
that he should not be present debut
September 18th at on Vice land like I
cannot wait to see you it's good thank
you for being here we'll be right back
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings